buen: bien
limpio: limpio
bien: bien
mecánico: mecanico
reducido: pequeño
grande: grande
moderno: nuevo
importante: importante
amplio: grande
bonito: bonito
accesible: accesible
comunicado: comunicado
situado: ubicado
ubicado: ubicado
excelente: bien
antiguo: antiguo
normal: normal
público: publico
parado: parado
nuevo: nuevo
fácil: facil
cuidado: bien
mejor: bien
gran: grande
tranquilo: tranquilo
señalizar: señalizar
concurrido: transitado
ligero: ligero
móvil: movil
ascensor: ascensor
intercambiador: intercambiador
perfecto: bien
adaptado: adaptado
equipado: equipado
amable: amable
cómodo: comodo
pequeño: pequeño
claro: claro
bueno: bien
cerca: cerca
seguro: seguro
discapacitado: discapacitado
único: unico
organizado: organizado
sucio: sucio
rápido: rapido
lindo: bonito
expendedor: expendedor
comodo: comodo
enorme: grande
facil: facil
ordenado: ordenado
malo: mal
conectado: conectado
genial: bien
junto: cerca
disponible: disponible
inadaptado: inadaptado
comercial: comercial
residencial: residencial
peor: mal
cercano: cerca
interesante: interesante
mayor: grande
completo: completo
inaccesible: inaccesible
agradable: bien
funcional: bien
transitado: transitado
eléctrico: electrico
alegre: bien
viejo: antiguo
correspondiente: correspondiente
centrico: centrado
cerrado: cerrado
bello: bonito
adecuado: bien
igual: igual
estropeado: estropeado
solo: unico
personal: personal
servicio: servicio
correcto: bien
eficiente: bien
lleno: lleno
proximo: cerca
conveniente: bien
céntrico: centrado
profundo: profundo
famoso: famoso
mal: mal
siguiente: siguiente
adicional: adicional
luminoso: luminoso
confuso: confuso
descuidado: mal
primero: primero
lugar: ubicado
inagurar: nuevo
perteneciente: cerca
increíble: bien
accesibl: accesible
super: bien
atento: atento
conservar: bien
práctico: bien
central: centrado
ideal: bien
próximo: cerca
intransitado: intransitado
puntual: puntual
espacioso: grande
pésimo: mal
simple: simple
roto: mal
diferente: diferente
rapido: rapido
metro: metro
mecanico: mecanico
vigilado: vigilado
complicado: dificil
gratuito: gratuito
verde: verde
lento: lento
horrible: mal
decorado: bonito
automático: automatico
principal: principal
acogedor: bonito
difícil: dificil
necesario: necesario
imposible: imposible
sencillo: facil
maravilloso: bien
recomendable: recomendable
directo: directo
dificil: dificil
zona: zona
movil: movil
renovado: nuevo
oscuro: oscuro
alto: grande
conocer: conocer
abierto: abierto
debido: debido
penoso: mal
vergonzoso: mal
publico: publico
averiado: mal
salir: salir
reformado: nuevo
practico: bien
acceso: acceso
corriente: normal
fenomenal: bien
desagradable: mal
saber: saber 
ruidoso: mal
impecable: bien
sur: sur
animado: bien
hermoso: bonito
largo: grande
iluminado: luminoso 
estratégico: bien
reseñar: reseñar
aislado: cerrado
popular: transitado
línea: linea
pasar: pasar
diseño: diseño
suficiente: bien
gracia: divertido
remodelado: nuevo
frecuente: rapido
múltiple: multiple
vestíbulo: vestibulo
útil: util
lamentable: mal
muchísimo: bien
minusválido: minusvalido
mejorable: mal
estrecho: pequeño
lograr: lograr
anticuado: antiguo
expendedora: expendedora
util: util
escalera: escalera 
encima: encima
mejorar: mal
subterráneo: subterraneo 
faltar: mal
encantar: bien
tener: tener
tarifario: tarifario
norte: norte
rojo: rojo
siempre: siempre 
valorado: bien
aseado: limpio
estupendamente: bien
fascinar: bien
pintoresco: bonito
inutil: inutil
último: ultimo
típico: normal
precioso: bonito
conexión: conectado
exterior: exterior
servir: servir
masificar: transitado
posible: posible
curioso: bonito
área: area
gris: gris
contento: bien
chulo: bonito
venir: venir
perder: perder
servicial: amable
ver: ver
transbordo: transbordo
emblemático: bonito
ayudar: ayudar
preferir: preferir
estándar: normal 
original: bonito
azul: azul
encantado: bien 
dotado: dotado
básico: normal
unico: unico
conectar: conectado
imprescindible: bien 
dejar: dejar
turístico: transitado
interminable: grande
general: normal
desatendido: mal
después: despues
conocido: transitado
algo: algo
clásico: antiguo
terminal: terminal
innecesario: mal
atencion: atencion
espaciós: grande
plaza: plaza
especial: bonito
fatal: mal 
inseguro: inseguro
prioritario: principal
vital: vital
vergonzable: mal 
acondicionado: bien
feo: feo
mínimo: mal
marrón: marron
local: local
eficaz: bien
exelente: bien
centro: centrado
histórico: antiguo
regular: mal
atención: atencion
facilitar: facil
profesional: bien
corto: pequeño
utilizado: transitado
vergüenza: mal
recomendado: bien
sí: bien
habilitar: habilitado
cubierto: cerrado
reformar: mal
recreativo: divertido
interurbano: interurbano
escaso: pequeño
cercania: cerca
justo: bien
urbano: urbano
considerar: considerado
peligroso: inseguro
climatizado: bien
normalito: normal
superficial: feo
remodelar: mal
dinámico: bien
deficiente: mal
enfrentar: enfrentar
extenso: grande
abarrotado: transitado
estacionado: centrado
engorroso: mal
abandonar: mal
laberíntico: grande
inolvidable: bonito
bajo: pequeño
caótico: transitado
nefasto: mal
llevar: llevar
diafano: grande
habitual: transitado
funcionar: bien
preferible: bien
restaurado: nuevo
inaugurar: nuevo
saturado: transitado
excepcional: bien
cuadrado: cuadrado
proporcionar: proporcionar
rodeado: rodeado
fresco: nuevo
frio: mal
lejos: lejos
vacio: intransitado
suburbano: suburbano
rico: rico
telefónico: telefonico
total: total
inaugurado: nuevo
ok: bien
vigilante: vigilado
estación: estacion
universal: universal
realizar: realizar
incompleto: mal
desconectado: desconectado
conecto: conectado
tercermundista: mal
imperdible: bien
calor: calor
nunca: mal
indicado: bien
metálico: bonito
cuidadoso: bien
tradicional: antiguo
nodo: nodo
icónico: bonito
neuralgico: centrado
fluido: transitado
positivo: bien
instalación: instalacion
line: line
disuasorio: mal
mítico: antiguo
usar: transitado
impresionante: bien 
actual: nuevo
llegar: bien
probable: normal
raro: mal
espectacular: bien
unido: conectado
continuo: bien
cómoda: bien
indignante: mal
diario: transitado
amarillo: amarillo
renovar: mal
especioso: grande
distribuido: bien
aceptable: bien
monumental: grande
fantástico: bien
esperar: lento
agradecido: amable
percibido: percibido
cabecero: cabecero
súper: bien
emblematico: antiguo 
